---
layout: post
title: "Poems By Rex"
author: Rex
date: 2016-03-14
---

## Summer Solstice (2018/10/01)

Summer ends when September ends.<br>
Summer ends when September ends.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our story ends when September ends.<br>
<br>
Summer ends when September ends.<br>
When you’ll sing our songs again?<br>
Lover does but the uncomplained.<br>
Who shall I dream in prance?<br>
<br>
Summer ends when September ends.<br>
When the moon has come to ebb?<br>
Lover goes hind the wane.<br>
How could I have a chance?<br>
<br>
Summer ends when September ends.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Summer ends when our story ends.<br>
<br>
Summer ends when September ends.<br>
The bowl rings empty, the cry of tramp.<br>
Lover begged in vain.<br>
Where was the fall of dance?<br>
<br>
Summer ends when September ends.<br>
The adamant are poorest of men.<br>
Lover prayed in vain.<br>
Were we both in trance?<br>
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Our story ends when our story ends.<br>
Lover weeps of mercy, of promise of France.<br>
Summer ends when September ends.<br>
I yet yearn a glance.

---

## Conviction (2018/08/20)

> My final wish is to wake up<br>
seeing your beautiful face every<br>
morning and give you a gentle<br>
kiss on the cheeks.<br>

Unconquered by hiatus,<br>
Rescinded was clamorous,<br>
Resparkled in nautilus,<br>
Marvelous or oblivious.<br>
By impetus,<br>
We shall see the wedded us.<br>
<br>
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;With all my love.<br>

---

## Clarion (2016/12/23)

Smelting silver, smithing steel,<br>
crucible of a dwindling ember<br>
roaring, unceases.<br>
<br>
She wields the celestial light,<br>
bound and sworn by creed,<br>
exalted by plated armor, studded.<br>
<br>
An atomic tome of ancient cream,<br>
winnowing the ruffled chasms,<br>
howling an untold grit.<br>
<br>
Imbued by auric rays of mornings,<br>
her turquoise hair, under a beam,<br>
exudes seraphic power.<br>
<br>
The angelic force endowed,<br>
heavenly pyrrhic,<br>
conjured her fate of deity.

---

## 7.5 mg (2016/12/17)

Bedbound days are sound years.<br>
Causes and doses, imposed,<br>
revealed stasis. Composed,<br>
to bedridden days good ridance.

---

## Awakened (2016/12/08)

She walks on the blue beach,<br>
untainted, and so is the sea.<br>
Fingernails of the broken wave<br>
touch tips with her untanned feet.<br>
<br>
The girl sits and breathes.<br>
<br>
<br>
All the screams held within<br>
the ocean deep,<br>
blocked by the flimsy screen<br>
of a marine keep.<br>
<br>
The stronghold of dream<br>
and the kraken underneath<br>
were buried<br>
and unseen.<br>
<br>
She rests her palm and grips,<br>
spilling out a castle<br>
as the mirage sands slip<br>
from her determined fist.<br>
<br>
<br>
When the ebb leaves,<br>
the infested lair will unleash<br>
ten thousand hallow shivs.<br>
<br>
Trembling air, shivering pores,<br>
brought the wetness that sets in,<br>
exposing the remnants of sealed evil,<br>
oozing fire,<br>
concocted and complete.<br>
<br>
Horns of angels,<br>
halos of griffins,<br>
and spears of gorgons,<br>
unavenged, rise as<br>
carbon trickles from<br>
cracks of weathered<br>
vanity.<br>
<br>
<br>
She who walks on the beach<br>
shall dive in.

---

## Your Round Glasses (2016/12/03)

The rim surrounds your eyes,<br>
forming concentric orbit bronze,<br>
with planets of lovers young.<br>
<br>
With gaze the embracing copper shines,<br>
accentuating your eyes like a lofty crown,<br>
like morning stars that glorify rising Sun.<br>
<br>
O! How, in those round glasses,<br>
could you ask me not to try,<br>
when oft your glances do stop by?

---

## Lone Library (2016/11/30)

Dreaded light,<br>
dotted sky,<br>
or the lonely night,<br>
are mine to confide.<br>
<br>
Apple EarPods tangled,<br>
I ripped myself wrangled.<br>
Contact to unknown shy,<br>
Alone 'till I die.

---

## Undenied (2016/11/27)

Onto the shell of the world, she climbs,<br>
High, and, upon soft laurel she lies.<br>
O'er the storm of arrows benign,<br>
Posts a wall of shields defied.<br>
She stands up high,<br>
And her eyes uncried.

---

## On Fall (2016/11/24)

Over the couch sits none cracks,<br>
And lazy Friday is not black,<br>
When Fall be fallen,<br>
Will our downward reaches be kept even?

---

## Stargazer (2016/08/09)

There is no Venus on Mars,<br>
but the wistful melancholic blue.<br>
Alone, I'd be gazing stars,<br>
but I would rather be seeing you.

---

## 32 (2016/06/23)

Without cumbrance, only remembrance,<br>
we walk onwards, freely into the future,<br>
turning over the shoulders on a step,<br>
taking one last look before moving on.<br>
<br>
What am I standing here for,<br>
if not for the pavilion in the alpine mist,<br>
or the pearl white beach over the field of reeds?<br>
<br>
It's the slices of ordinary joy,<br>
like seeing your head poking out the cubicle,<br>
or taking the long walk across the paths amiss.<br>
<br>
On the rooftop, under Taipei sky,<br>
I feel something brewing,<br>
over there, beyond the sunset horizon,<br>
waiting to begin.<br>
<br>
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Remember our promises.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Remember us, Kayla.

---

## The Long Bench By The Lake (2016/05/20)

I like the long bench by the lake,<br>
as I like any other benches we have sat.<br>
<br>
The lake we command is lush,<br>
rife with the elegance of embracing mountains,<br>
and over the precipice,<br>
resounds a flamboyant jubilance.<br>
<br>
Closer and stronger we push against each other,<br>
so there is no space between us.<br>
<br>
Your hair, a little messy,<br>
but just right, with those slightly curly ends.<br>
Your skin, a little tanned,<br>
but just right, with the smoothly spotty curves.<br>
<br>
Your voice, orientally accented,<br>
is my mind enchanted.<br>
Your character, opulently sophisticated,<br>
is my heart delighted.<br>
<br>
I taste the oyster<br>
of a thousand worlds in you.<br>
I see the kaleidoscope<br>
of a million wonders in you.<br>
<br>
We frolic,<br>
on the lakeside bench<br>
under the summer sun,<br>
drenched,<br>
in the refined affection<br>
of your extravagant richness.<br>
<br>
I like the long bench by the lake,<br>
as I like any other benches we have sat.

---

## Black Agate (2016/04/14)

On the midnight train I ponder<br>
our relationship.<br>
Against the seat I recline<br>
away from time.<br>
<br>
On the midnight bike I ride<br>
with the joy of you and the sorrow of you.<br>
Under the warmth of city lights,<br>
you are the bliss of mine and the curse of mine.<br>
<br>
Your bracelet, black agate,<br>
is my heart forlorn.<br>
Your smile, sunshine,<br>
is my eternal night.

---

## Zhao (2016/03/14)

I walked upon deserts,<br>
crossing over seas,<br>
without knowing when,<br>
or even if I will find you.<br>
<br>
You didn't exist yesterday,<br>
nor the day before.<br>
Yet you shall reside in my heart,<br>
until the end of days.<br>
<br>
For all the thunders on the ridge<br>
and the ripples on the lake<br>
are colorless when I see you,<br>
the pigeons fleet.
